<b> The Origin of Campus War </b>
There was a planet in a far away galaxy, hidden in the black and spacious cosmic universe. The planet was a beautiful, heavenly land of which every creature in this universe has ever dreamed. Span throughout this planet are regions of unique conditions. Some are a green land with nature-like environment, some are toxic and full of unknown elements, some are mineral rich region, and some even doesn’t have a physical environment, being a ‘stateless’ region in which one can develop to their will. This planet, known by planet Campus, were inhabited by an advance civilization called the Major. This set of creature were consist of some races, each with their own unique traits, attribute, power, and skills. However, all of these races share a common ancestor, the mighty CAMPUSIAN. The Campusian, a shapeless creature, has a ultra high intelligence and able to adapt to their environment easily. This creature, had emerged from the synthesis of elements on the planet, had a big curiosity of their world. Over the course of time, this ancient race were spread in Campus regions, building their own civilizations in the form of ancient tribes. In the process of adapting to their respective environment, each tribe grows and develops unique traits, attributes, and skills as well as physical form. Millions years after that, this tribes now become a fully independent race with their different sets of attributes and skills. They developed their own physical forms respective to their interest and skills as well as their habitats. 
From the ancient times, tribes were not in need of power and authority. They lived peacefully in harmony, developing the civilization to be better and easier for their own purpose. Each were continuously finding technology and tools to enhance their specialty and their survival in their regions. Some developed more in the field of ore and mineral exploitation, some in the synthesis of elements, and even the art of manipulating attributes through the process of digitalization. But then, they began to grow more and more powerful, and as the result of that, they started to use the resources on the planet as their main source of energy. This condition led to energy over-exploitation and later, energy rarity. Some tribes, now races, started to explore other regions outside their own. Some successfully found a unoccupied regions, but some, unfortunately end up in other race’s region. This become a problem for the rightful master of the region, since sharing energy source was a threat for their own energy sustainability. Meanwhile, the exploring races were in desperate need of energy source, and planned to occupy the other race’s region. On the other side, it wasn’t only them who prepare for a move, as the rightful race was also prepared to defend their region, and ultimately, their resources. After then, races started to develop military technology to win a battle for resources. The battle then began to emerge, causing casualties and sadly, damaging the planet in the process. The search of resources had then  started the battle of races throughout the planet. This era, known for it’s brutality and mindless act is the dark time of Campus, widely remembered as <b>The CAMPUS WAR</b>